>> Brian Holt: Next thing I
wanted to do here is I wanted to,
what we're doing here,
these are called function components.
You'll also see them called stateless
functional components sometimes.
I think that's just a mouthful and
a bit redundant.
So I just call them function components,
cuz it's a function that is a component.
A lot of the times, you'll be using
what are called class components.
So we're gonna convert App here into
what's called a class component.
So I'm gonna say class App extends
React.Component.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
and then I'm gonna make a function
inside of that called render.
And the body of render is
just going to be this.
So I'm going to take all this stuff that
we have here, and I'm going to cut that.
I'm just gonna paste that
inside of our render function
here,
>> Brian Holt: And
then delete this App thing.
>> Brian Holt: So why do this?
Well, these class components actually
have a lot more flexibility in what they
can do.
They have more,
I guess they're more powerful.
Some people elect to make
class components all the time.
And they never use the other
way of doing components,
the function components like this.
They'll never do it this way.
They only do these ones.
Other people prefer that if something
doesn't need all of the extra bells and
whistles, they'll just do
the function components.
Otherwise, they'll convert
it to a class component.
Cuz some people just don't like converting
back and forth between class and
functions based on what they need.
People ask me what do I do,
and I don't really know.
[LAUGH] I kinda go back and
forth on how I feel about it.
When you have to convert between the two,
it is kind of annoying.
And I do like the simplicity of just, this
is just something that returns something.
So I do tend to use these function
components sometimes if I have
something that doesn't need state or
any of the other life cycle methods or
all the other more
powerful parts of React.
But in the end, what I'll say to you
is that there are people that do both.
One of them is not necessarily winning, so
it's up to you to make a personal
decision of how you feel about it.
But it's worth experimenting with both and
kind of getting familiar with them.